=head1 NAME

fswcert - manipulate raw RSA keys and PKIX certificates

=head1 SYNOPSIS

fswcert [B<--certificate>] [B<--key>]
[B<--left>>] [B<--raw>] [B<--right>]
[B<--type>=I<input>] [B<--format>=I<stuff>]
[B<--quiet>] [B<--directory>=<dir>] [B<--version>]

fswcert B<--help>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<fswcert> is a program to convert X.509/PKIX format certificates and
private key files to Openswan ipsec.secrets files and DNS records. 
It can also read Openswan ipsec.secrets files and (interactively) produce
certificate requests and self-signed certificates.

WRITE MORE

I<input> is the file to read for POD source (the POD can be embedded in
code).  If I<input> isn't given, it defaults to STDIN.  I<output>, if given,
is the file to which to write the formatted output.  If I<output> isn't
given, the formatted output is written to STDOUT.  Several POD files can be
processed in the same B<pod2man> invocation (saving module load and compile
times) by providing multiple pairs of I<input> and I<output> files on the
command line.

B<--section>, B<--release>, B<--center>, B<--date>, and B<--official> can be
used to set the headers and footers to use; if not given, Pod::Man will
assume various defaults.  See below or L<Pod::Man> for details.

B<pod2man> assumes that your *roff formatters have a fixed-width font named
CW.  If yours is called something else (like CR), use B<--fixed> to specify
it.  This generally only matters for troff output for printing.  Similarly,
you can set the fonts used for bold, italic, and bold italic fixed-width
output.

Besides the obvious pod conversions, Pod::Man, and therefore pod2man also
takes care of formatting func(), func(n), and simple variable references
like $foo or @bar so you don't have to use code escapes for them; complex
expressions like C<$fred{'stuff'}> will still need to be escaped, though.
It also translates dashes that aren't used as hyphens into en dashes, makes
long dashes--like this--into proper em dashes, fixes "paired quotes," and
takes care of several other troff-specific tweaks.  See L<Pod::Man> for
complete information.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-c> I<string>, B<--center>=I<string>

Sets the centered page header to I<string>.  The default is "User
Contributed Perl Documentation", but also see B<--official> below.

=item B<-d> I<string>, B<--date>=I<string>

Set the left-hand footer string to this value.  By default, the modification
date of the input file will be used, or the current date if input comes from
STDIN.

=item B<--fixed>=I<font>

The fixed-width font to use for vertabim text and code.  Defaults to CW.
Some systems may want CR instead.  Only matters for troff(1) output.

=item B<--fixedbold>=I<font>

Bold version of the fixed-width font.  Defaults to CB.  Only matters for
troff(1) output.

=item B<--fixeditalic>=I<font>

Italic version of the fixed-width font (actually, something of a misnomer,
since most fixed-width fonts only have an oblique version, not an italic
version).  Defaults to CI.  Only matters for troff(1) output.

=item B<--fixedbolditalic>=I<font>

Bold italic (probably actually oblique) version of the fixed-width font.
Pod::Man doesn't assume you have this, and defaults to CB.  Some systems
(such as Solaris) have this font available as CX.  Only matters for troff(1)
output.

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Print out usage information.

=item B<-l>, B<--lax>

Don't complain when required sections are missing.  Not currently used, as
POD checking functionality is not yet implemented in Pod::Man.

=item B<-o>, B<--official>

Set the default header to indicate that this page is part of the standard
Perl release, if B<--center> is not also given.

